# Technical Steering Committe Meeting 2024-01-24

## Attendees

* @alexlovelltroy
* @milliams
* @mdklein

## Agenda

1. Reviewing existing and planned development work
    - HPE has thus far not found a way to engage with the development through an upstream or downstream model.  Recommend board action and discussion.
    - LANL has continued work on the demo from SC and will be using ochami for the summer Supercomputing Institute.  See the [blog post](https://www.ochami.org/posts/turnkey-ochami/).
    - Bristol is ready to take delivery of a machine this quarter and is hiring sysadmins who will primarily work on CSM, but who will be aware of ochami and provide feedback
    - CSCS continues to primarily develop for CSM.  Pursuing avenues to adapt tooling like [Manta](https://github.com/eth-cscs/manta)/mesa to work with ochami and ease transitions.
    - CSCS, NERSC, and LANL are all pursuing strategies for smaller system images with post-boot configuration handled through containerized services.  Different software involved at all sites, but a common pattern.  Likely area for collaboration.
1. OpenCHAMI governance update
    - The board has not met since our last meeting.  No update there.
    - Likely in-person TSC meeting at ISC
    - Likely collaboration at CUG
    - We aren't currently sharing abstracts and papers that are getting generated.  We need a semi-public area for sharing abstracts/talks/papers about ochami
    - Thanks to CSCS funding, we are setting up GitHub with a set of code hygiene best practices
        - All commits must be signed
        - All releases and build must be signed
        - Merges without approval are disallowed
        - All release builds must be attested in a public transparency log for provenance (sigstore/rekor)
